# Python-API-Challenge

For this challenge, we were tasked with creating two notebooks: weatherPy.ipynb and vacationPy.ipynb. In weatherPy.ipynb, I generated random latitude and longitude values to utilize alongsid the OpenWeather API. By utilizing these in tandom, I created a dataframe that stored my list of cities, and exported it as a .csv file (cities.csv), and then used that data to create a series of scatter plots. Once I created each of the requested scatter plots, I then added divided the data up by latitude based on hemisphere, and made linear regression plots to see if there was a correlation between the information in the plots depending on which hemisphere the points were located in. 

After completing weatherPy.ipynb, I used the cities.csv file that I had exported earlier as the dataset for vacationPy.ipynb. Using this data, I created a map that displayed a point for every city in the data with the goal of displaying humidity based on the size of the dot on the map. If there was more humidity, there would be a larger dot on the city, and if there was less humidity there would be a smaller dot on the city. After that, I input my ideal living conditions based on the criteria in the dataframe, and discovered that I was being pretty picky, as there were only seven total locations that fit my ideal conditions. I then created a new dataframe to house all of the cities that fit my criteria, and then used the Geoapify API to find the closest hotel within 10,000 meters of my cities. Unfortunately, I was either discovering that my ideal weather conditions were more than 10,000m away from any hotel, or more likely, I wasn't connecting to the API properly. I'm not sure exactly what the problem is that is causing this, but I hope to come back to it in the future and make this fully operational. I still made the map at the end to display where my ideal points are, it just wasn't able to display the hotel names. This made me think it was more likely the latter issue than the former, as these points didn't seem remote enough for NONE of them to be near a hotel. 
